feat(rocketchat): add Gateway API HTTPRoute support (#234)
RocketChat/helm-charts: rocketchat/README.md

| `httproute.enabled`                    | If `true`, a Gateway API [HTTPRoute](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/httproute/) is created (requires the Gateway API CRDs)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `false`                            |
| `httproute.apiVersion`                 | HTTPRoute apiVersion override. Defaults to `gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1` when empty                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `""`                               |

> | `httproute.parentRefs`                 | List of [parentRefs](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/httproute/#attaching-to-gateways) the HTTPRoute attaches to. At least one is required when enabled                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `[]`                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `httproute.parentRefs`                 | List of [parentRefs](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/api-spec/1.5/spec/#parentreference) the HTTPRoute attaches to. At least one is required when enabled                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `[]`                               |
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in 7d7974a — the row now links to the versioned `.../reference/api-spec/1.5/spec/#parentreference`.
